Problem
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Rafid is teaching his students plane geometry. Today they are talking about convex polygons. A convex polygon is a simple non-degenerate polygon such that each of its internal angles is strictly smaller than 180∘.
Rafid drew N points (numbered 1 through N) on a blackboard (a two-dimensional plane) and told each student to choose some of the points and connect them to obtain a convex polygon. For each valid i, the coordinates of the i-th point are (Xi​,Yi​).
There are K students (numbered 1 through K). To prevent the students from choosing the same polygon over and over, Rafid told them that they have to choose polygons one by one in the order from student 1 to student K and each student has to choose a set of points which was not chosen by any earlier student. That means they have to choose K different sets of points, resulting in K different polygons. As a result, some students may end up unable to choose any polygon.
To encourage the students, Rafid announced that each student will receive a number of candies proportional to the area of this student's polygon. The students are very greedy, so the first student will choose the polygon with the largest area, the second student will choose the polygon with the largest area which does not use the same set of points as the first student's polygon, and so on.
For each student, help Rafid find the area of the polygon chosen by this student or determine that this student cannot choose a polygon anymore. Note that while there may be many ways in which the students could choose their polygons, their areas are uniquely determined.
Input

The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers N and K.
N lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers Xi​ and Yi​.

Output
Print a single line containing K space-separated integers A1​,A2​,…,AK​. For each valid i, Ai​ should be twice the area of a polygon chosen by the i-th student, or −1 if all possible polygons have already been chosen by students before the i-th student.
