Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
Many of you know about a popular logic game called Euclid: The Game. Everything was fine, but then the game came into the real world because of a horrible mistake of one of the players. Now the whole world is in danger! The world can be described as the Cartesian plane where each point has two real coordinates x and y. In order to save the world you are to complete the following task.
Task
Suppose you are given an angle which measures exactly N degrees, where N is an integer with 0 < N < 360.
You are to answer the question: is it possible to construct, using only a straightedge and compass, N-1 rays which divide this angle into N equal angles of size 1 degree?
If the answer is YES, you must demonstrate this by listing the steps you would take to generate these rays.
Instructions
You will be given three points: V, R1, and R2. The angle you are to consider is the clockwise angle from the ray VR1 to the ray VR2. This angle, in degrees, will always be an integer N with 0 < N < 360.
If the above construction is possible, you are able to perform two types of operations:

Construct a line that connects two known points A and B.
Construct a circle with center at a known point C, and radius equal to the distance between two known points A and B.

 
A point P is called known if it satisfies one of these two statements:

P is equal to one of V, R1, or R2.
P is one of the points of intersection of any lines or circles constructed in previous steps.

 
The construction is complete once you have found N-1 known points: D1, D2, ..., DN-1, such that the rays VD1, VD2, ..., VDN-1, divide the given angle into N equal angles of size 1 degree.
Input
The first line of the input files contains two space-separated real numbers with precision at least 1e-6: the x and y coordinates of V. The second and third lines contain the coordinates of R1 and R2 similarly.
Output
The first line of the output should contain a single word: YES or NO - whether it is theoretically possible to perform the construction described above with a straightedge and compass only.
If your answer is NO, do not output anything else.
If your answer is YES, the following lines should describe your operations, one per line, as follows.
If you want to construct a line between known points A and B, output the word Line followed by 4 space-separated numbers - the coordinates of A, followed by the coordinates of B. A and B must not be the same point.
If you want to construct a circle with center at the known point C, and radius equal to the distance between known points A and B, output the word Circle followed by 6 space-separated numbers - the coordinates of C, followed by the coordinates of A and B. A and B must not be the same point, but there are no such restrictions on C.
Once you have performed all necessary operations, output a single line with the word Answer. In each of the next N-1 lines, output two space-separated numbers - the coordinates of D1, D2, ..., DN-1, listed in clockwise order. Each of these must be known points.
