Problem
Read problem statements in Bengali, Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Chef Ada always prepares delicious and nutritious dishes. Her secret is to use genetic engineering of bacteria to synthesise proteins. A protein is denoted by a string of uppercase English characters 'A'-'T'; each character represents an amino acid.
The genome of Ada's bacteria is also denoted by a string with length N. Each character of this string is 'A', 'C', 'T' or 'G', representing a nucleotide. The nucleotides are also numbered 1 through 4 in the same order 'A', 'C', 'T', 'G'. Let's denote the number of a nucleotide x by n(x).
You are given the starting genome G of Ada's bacteria; at any point, all bacteria must have the same genome. You may perform operations of the following types (in any order, any number of times):

1 L R: Reverse the substring between the L-th and R-th character inclusive (1≤L≤R≤N), i.e. for each L≤i<L+R−i≤R, swap the i-th and L+R−i-th nucleotide of the current genome. The cost of this operation is K+min(L−1,R−L,N−R) chefcoins.
2 i Y: Mutate, i.e. change the i-th nucleotide of the current genome (1≤i≤N) to the nucleotide Y. The cost of this operation is A+min(i,N+1−i)⋅Bn(X),n(Y)​ chefcoins, where X denotes the i-th nucleotide before this mutation.

Each amino acid is encoded by one or more codons ― a codon is a string of three nucleotides. Each codon encodes exactly one amino acid. Note that there are 43 different codons and only 20 amino acids. For each codon, you are given the amino acid it encodes.
A bacteria can produce a protein P with length L amino acids if its genome contains a substring of 3⋅L nucleotides that can be translated to P, i.e. split into a sequence of L consecutive substrings Z1​,Z2​,…,ZL​ with lengths 3 such that for each i (1≤i≤L), Zi​ is a codon for the i-th amino acid (character) of P.
For example, let's suppose that codons "ATA" and "TAT" are translated to amino acids 'R' and 'S' respectively. Then, a bacteria with a genome "ATATATA" can produce only the following proteins (the codons used to produce them are marked by brackets):

"[ATA]TATA" to "R"
"A[TAT]ATA" to "S"
"[ATA][TAT]A" to "RS"
"A[TAT][ATA]" to "SR"

For her next dish, Ada needs M proteins P1​,P2​,…,PM​. Her bacteria do not have to produce all proteins, since they can be bought on the market; for each valid i, the cost of the protein Pi​ is Ci​ chefcoins. However, Ada wants the final bacteria to be able to synthesise at least 50 of the required proteins.
As her apprentice, your task is to perform some (possibly zero) genetic operations on the initial genome and decide which proteins should be produced from the resulting genome; all other proteins are bought on the market. Your goal is to minimise the total cost (in chefcoins).
Input

The first line of the input contains four space-separated integers N, M, K and A.
M lines follow. For each i (1≤i≤M), the i-th of these lines contains a string Pi​, followed by a space and an integer Ci​.
The next line contains a single string G with length N.
Each of the next four lines contains four space-separated integers. For each i and j (1≤i,j≤4), the j-th integer on the i-th line is Bi,j​.
Each of the next 64 lines contains a single string with length 4. The first three characters of this string denote a unique codon and the last character denotes the amino acid which it encodes.

Output

First, print a line containing two space-separated integers Q (0≤Q≤105) and U (50≤U≤M) ― the number of operations you want to perform and the number of required proteins the final bacteria will produce.
Then, print Q lines. Each of these lines should contain the description of an operation you want to perform, in the format given above.
Finally, print U lines. Each of these lines should contain two space-separated integers i and L denoting that the protein Pi​ can be generated by the substring which starts with the L-th character in the final genome. You will receive a Wrong Answer veredict if you print the same i twice.

