Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese here
Problem Statement
Chef has become a rich man and now owns the entire road network in the country, which consists of N cities (numbered from 1 to N) and M bidirectional roads. Each road connects two different cities i and j and has a cost C(i,j) - this is the cost paid by the drivers which use this road (and, thus, it is Chef's profit). The road network has the following properties:
it is possible to reach any city from any other city using the existing roads
any subset S of 10 or more cities contains at least two different cities A and B such that all the paths between A and B have at least one city X (X≠A and X≠B) in common (note that X does not necessarily belong to S) - note that this implies that if the city X were to be removed from the network, then no path would exist anymore between the cities A and B

However, the anti-monopoly committee decided that Chef is making too much money and that some restrictions should be imposed. Chef will be allowed to keep a part P of the road network that he chooses, provided that:
there exists exactly one path from any city in P to any other city in P using only the roads from P (this means that the sets of cities and roads from P form a tree)
every city from P has at most 3 roads from P adjacent to it


Note that P may consist of any subset of the N cities and any subset of roads connecting these cities, as long as the two restrictions are satisfied. However, Chef doesn't want to simply pick any part P of the road network which satisfies the restrictions. He would like to choose a part P for which the total cost of the roads which belong to P is maximum. Moreover, he would also like to know how many such parts P of maximum total cost exist. Two parts P1 and P2 are considered different if their subsets of cities are different or if their subsets of roads are different.
Input
The first line contains the integer number T denoting the number of test cases. The description of the T test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains the integer numbers N and M. Each of the next M lines contains three space-separated integers: i, j and C(i,j), meaning that there is a road between the cities i and j having cost C(i,j).
Output
For each test case print a line containing two numbers: CMAX and CNT32. CMAX is the maximum cost of any part P which satisfies the restrictions imposed by the anti-monopoly committee. Let CNT be the total number of different parts P which have maximum cost and satisfy the restrictions. CNT32 is equal to CNT modulo 232 (i.e. we are only interested in the remainder of CNT when divided by 232).
