Problem
“Animal instinct. When faced with danger, seek refuge in the herd.”
Jun-Ho has come to know about the escape passage route that VIPs use in case of emergency. Jun-Ho is in the leader's office and he is planning his escape from the building.
The building has a tree-like structure, with the leader's office as the root. Jun-Ho has obtained information on this structure, in the form of a tree on N nodes rooted at 1. The building has some security, which can be calculated as follows:

Each node of the tree has a value assigned to it — say, Ai​ for node i.
Let u be a leaf node of the tree. The security of u is defined to be the bitwise OR of all values on the (unique) path from the root to u. Let this value be denoted Lu​.
The security of the tree is then defined to be the sum of the security of all its leaf nodes, i.e, the sum of Lu​ across all leaf nodes u of the tree.

The tree is considered to be secure when Lu​>0 for every leaf node u of the tree; otherwise it is said to be insecure.
Jun-Ho would like the security of the tree to be as low as possible when making his escape. To this end, he can perform the following operation zero or more times:

Pick a node 1≤u≤N of the tree, and set Au​=0.

However, if the tree ever becomes insecure as a result of an operation, the leader is immediately alerted and will foil Jun-Ho's plan. Thus, Jun-Ho cannot perform an operation that would make the tree insecure.
Help Jun-Ho find the minimum possible security the tree can have, such that the tree remains secure after every operation.
Note:

A leaf is a node of the tree without any child nodes.
For N=1, the root is also considered to be a leaf.
Given input tree will be secured tree.

Input Format

The first line of input contains a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N, denoting the number of nodes of the tree.
The next N−1 lines each contain two space-separated integers u and v, denoting an edge between nodes u and v in the tree.
The next line contains N space-separated integers A1​,A2​,…,AN​ — the values of the nodes.

Output Format
For each test case, output a single integer denoting the minimum security of the tree.
