Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.

Triangle classification is an important problem in modern mathematics. Mathematicians have developed many criteria according to which a triangle can be classified. In this problem, you will be asked to classify some triangles according to their sides and angles.


According to their measure, angles may be:
  Acute — an angle that is less than 90 degrees
    Right — a 90-degrees angle
    Obtuse — an angle that is greater than 90 degrees
  
According to their sides, triangles may be:
  Scalene — all sides are different
    Isosceles — exactly two sides are equal
  
According to their angles, triangles may be:
  Acute — all angles are acute
    Right — one angle is right
    Obtuse — one angle is obtuse
  Triangles with three equal sides (equilateral triangles) will not appear in the test data.
The triangles formed by three collinear points are not considered in this problem. In order to classify a triangle, you should use only the adjactives from the statement. There is no triangle which could be described in two different ways according to the classification characteristics considered above.
Input
The first line of input contains an integer SUBTASK_ID denoting the subtask id this input belongs to.
The second line of input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains six integers x1, y1, x2, y2, x3 and y3 denoting Cartesian coordinates of points, that form the triangle to be classified.


It is guaranteed that the points are non-collinear.

Output
For each test case, output a single line containing the classification of the given triangle.
If SUBTASK_ID equals 1, then the classification should follow the "<Side classification starting with a capital letter> triangle" format.
If SUBTASK_ID equals 2, then the classification should follow the "<Side classification starting with a capital letter> <angle classification> triangle" format.
Please, check out the samples section to better understand the format of the output.
