Problem
Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.
The placements/recruitment season is going on in various colleges. The interviews are over, and each company has selected some students. But since each student can end up finally in at most one company, a student might have to reject a company which selected him. The companies know this, and hence, the companies usually select more students than it can actually employ. So now, the exact pairings should be done. We talk about one such session in a famous college.
There are a total of N candidates (numbered from 1 to N) and M companies (numbered from 1 to M) taking part in it. Each candidate has a certain minimum expectation of salary, which is given by the array minSalary (All the arrays are 1-indexed). For each candidate, you are also given the information regarding the companies which have selected him. This information is given by an array qual of size N * M, where qual[i][j] = 1 if and only if the i-th candidate has qualified for a job in the j-th company. A company will provide a fixed salary to the candidates it employs, which is given by the array offeredSalary. Also, a company has an upper bound on the number of candidates it can employ and finally give an offer to. This information is provided by array maxJobOffers.
The D-day has come. Each candidate from 1, 2, .. N (in this order) will go to the placements coordinator. When the i-th student goes, among the companies which have selected him, and which still haven't reached their maxJobOffers limit, he picks the company which provides the maximum offeredSalary, provided that it is at least his minSalary.
You have to find the number of the candidates that will end up with a job, the total amount of salaries that the candidates will get, and the number of companies that won't be able to employ even a single candidate. This information is very crucial for the placement coordinator, so as to analyze whether it makes sense to invite a company to come to the placements session next year or not. Please help the coordinator!
Input

The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows
First line of each test case contains two space separated integer N, M.
The next line contains N space separated integers denoting the array minSalary.
Each of the next M lines contains two space separated integers denoting offeredSalary[i] and maxJobOffers[i].
The next N lines will contain the description of the 2-D array qual. Each of the N lines will contain M binary integers (without any space): j-th integer in the i-th line will denote qual[i][j].

Output

For each test case, output three integers in a new line, denoting the number of the candidates that will get a job, the total amount of salaries that the candidates will get, and the number of companies that won't be able to hire even a single candidate.

