Problem
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
There are B blocks (numbered 1 through B) distributed in N containers (numbered 1 through N). For each valid i, the weight of the i-th block is Wi​ kilograms.
For each container i, you should decide if it will be used like a stack or a queue. At any time, a container may contain any sequence of blocks (possibly the empty sequence); let's denote the number of the j-th block (indexed from 1) in the i-th container by Ai,j​.
A stack is a data structure that stores a sequence of integers (X1​,X2​,…,XM​) and supports two types of instructions:

pop: Remove the last element of the sequence. After this instruction, the sequence becomes (X1​,…,XM−1​); it must be non-empty before this instruction. The return value of this instruction is XM​.
push a: Add an element a at the end of the sequence. After this instruction, the sequence becomes (X1​,…,XM​,a).

Similarly, a queue is a data structure that stores a sequence of integers (X1​,X2​,…,XM​) and supports two types of instructions:

pop: Remove the first element of the sequence. After this instruction, the sequence becomes (X2​,…,XM​); it must be non-empty before this instruction. The return value of this instruction is X1​.
push a: Add an element a at the end of the sequence. After this instruction, the sequence becomes (X1​,…,XM​,a).

For each valid i, it takes Ci​⋅w nanoseconds to pop a block with weight w from the container i and Di​⋅w nanoseconds to push a block with weight w to the container i.
Using the given data structures, you may perform the following operation at most B2/2 times: choose two containers c1​ and c2​ (c1​=c2​), pop a block from the c1​-th container and then push this block to the c2​-th container.
Your task is to sort all the blocks in a single container, i.e. after performing all operations, the sequence of blocks in some container must be (1,2,…,B). The time spent performing operations should be as small as possible.
Input

The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers N and B.
The second line contains N space-separated integers C1​,C2​,…,CN​.
The third line contains N space-separated integers D1​,D2​,…,DN​.
The fourth line contains B space-separated integers W1​,W2​,…,WB​.
The next N lines describe the initial distribution of blocks in containers. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains an integer M denoting the number of blocks which are initially in the i-th container, followed by a space and M space-separated integers Ai,1​,Ai,2​,…,Ai,M​ denoting the sequence of blocks which are initially in this container.

Output

First, print a line containing a string with length N. For each valid i, the i-th character of this string should be either 'S' if the i-th sequence is used as a stack or 'Q' if it is used as a queue.
Then, print a line containing a single integer Q ― the number of operations to perform.
Finally, print Q lines. Each of these lines should contain two space-separated integers c1​ and c2​ describing an operation that pops an element from the c1​-th container and pushes it into the c2​-th container.

