Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Nobody outside the cooking community knows that Chef is a big fan of Chefgram™ — a social network where chefs and cooks upload their secret kitchen photos.
Recently Chef clicked a beautiful photo, which is represented using 10 pixels in a single row. Respecting Chefgram™'s boolean roots, every pixel is either white or black.


Chefgram™ has N filters. Every filter is a string containing 10 symbols. Every symbol is either '+' or '-'.

A '+' at the ith position in a filter means that if Chef applies this filter to his photo, the ith pixel will be inverted: it becomes black if it was originally white, and vice versa. 
A '-' at the ith position in a filter string means that if Chef applies this filter to his photo, the ith pixel will remain unchanged.



Chef can apply as many filters as he wants from a list. He can pick any subset of filters and consequently apply them to a photo.


For example:

Imagine that Chef has a photo "bbwwbbwwbb" (where 'b' stands for black and 'w' stands for white).
He applies filters "++--++--++", "-+-+-+-+-+".
Applying the first filter will transform his picture to "wwwwwwwwww". 
Applying the second filter on the transformed picture will give Chef the picture "wbwbwbwbwb".



Even if Chefgram™ has two or more identical filters, they are still considered different!


Chef is extremely interested in knowing how many different subsets of all the Chefgram™ filters can he apply to transform his photo into 10 black pixels?

Input

The first line of input contains a single integer T — the number of test cases.
First line of each test case contains a string S. Each symbol is either 'b' or 'w'. This is Chef's photo.
Second line of each test case contains a single integer N — the number of Chefgram™ filters.
Each of the next N lines contains a single string Fi, each symbol of which is either '+' or '-'. This string is the ith Chefgram™ filter.

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing a single integer — answer to Chef's question modulo 109+7.

