Problem
Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
There are N people in a train and each of them gets on the train at time t=0.
Each person on the train wants to use the charging station on the train for some amount of time, but unfortunately, the train has only one charging station and can only be used by 1 person at any point in time.
The ith person wants to use the charging station for Ai​ minutes in total and will leave the train at time Ti​.
A person will be satisfied after the journey, only if that person gets to use the charging station for the desired amount of time.
Find a way to schedule the charging such that a maximum number of people is satisfied.
In order to schedule, you can pick any interval of time, say [L,R), and ask the person i to use the charging station from t=L and leave just before t=R.
After this the person i would have spent R−L minutes on the charging station and any person who is still on the train can begin using the charging station starting from t=R.
An interval scheduling will be a set of time intervals and people assigned to those intervals.
A schedule is valid if:

No two intervals in the schedule intersect each other. Note that all [L,R) and [R,S) do not intersect each other.
For all people i and all intervals [L,R) assigned to i, 0≤L≤R≤Ti​, i.e. each person is not assigned to an interval of time when they are not on the train.

You have to find optimal scheduling that does not contain more than 2N intervals.
It is guaranteed that there always exists optimal scheduling with the given constraints.
If there are many such schedules, you can output any of them.
Input Format

The first line contains a single integer Q denoting the number of test cases. The description of Q test cases follows.
Each test case contains 3 lines of input.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N, the number of people on the train.
The second line of each test case contains N space-separated integers, A1​,A2​,…AN​, where Ai​ is the amount of time that the ith person needs to use the charger.
The third line of each test case contains N space separated integers, T1​,T2​,…Tn​, where Ti​ is the time at which the ith person leaves the train.

Output Format

For each test case, in the first line, print a single integer M(≤2N), the number of different intervals that you want to schedule.
M lines follow. For each valid i, the ith of these lines should contain three space-separated integers, i,L,R denoting that the person i should use the charging station from [L,R).
The number of satisfied people should be maximum.
The scheduling should be valid.
It is possible to schedule the same person multiple times.
The order in which the intervals are displayed does not matter.

