Problem
Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.
The city of Hunterland can be represented as a grid with N rows (numbered 1 through N) and M columns (numbered 1 through M). Let's denote a cell in row r and column c by (r,c). Ahmet, the mayor, plans to develop the underground water system of Hunterland.
There is a large reservoir of water in the cell (1,1). Water from the reservoir must reach the cell (N,M) through a simple path in a network of underground pipes. From each cell (i,j), water flows out through a one-directional pipe with a given capacity ai,j​ and direction di,j​ (up, down, left or right), either to a side-adjacent cell or out of the grid. At any moment, a pipe cannot hold more water than its capacity. Each cell, however, can receive water from any number of adjacent cells; in particular, there can be pairs of cells which send water directly to each other through two pipes with opposite directions.
Due to poor planning of the previous mayor, the N⋅M pipes do not have optimal capacities or directions. Ahmet employs Faruk the engineer to rectify this network. Faruk does not have much time, so he may only perform up to K operations. In each operation, he should:

choose some outgoing pipe with positive capacity
decrease its capacity by 1
rotate it 90 degrees clockwise, i.e. change its direction in one of the following ways: up to right, right to down, down to left or left to up

Faruk's goal is to maximise the amount of water that can be sent from the cell (1,1) to the cell (N,M) per unit of time. Specifically, for each simple path along pipes from the cell (1,1) to (N,M) in the final network, consider the minimum of capacities of pipes in this path; the amount of water that can be sent from (1,1) to (N,M) per unit of time is the maximum of these minimum values, or 0 if there is no valid path. Help Faruk determine this maximum possible amount of water that can be sent from the cell (1,1) to the cell (N,M).
Note that it is not required to minimise the number of clockwise rotations. Also note that the capacity and direction of the pipe from the cell (N,M) do not affect the answer, but have been given on the input for uniformity.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains three space-separated integers N, M and K.
N lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains M space-separated integers ai,1​,ai,2​,…,ai,M​.
N more lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains a single string with length M; for each valid j, the j-th character of this string denotes the direction di,j​ of the pipe from the cell (i,j):

'U' denotes an outgoing pipe directed upwards ― to the cell (i−1,j)
'R' denotes an outgoing pipe directed to the right ― to the cell (i,j+1)
'D' denotes an outgoing pipe directed downwards ― to the cell (i+1,j)
'L' denotes an outgoing pipe directed to the left ― to the cell (i,j−1)



Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the maximum amount of water that can reach the cell (N,M) per unit of time.
