Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.

Being a CS student, Ron really don't understand why he has to take a compulsory course called "Art in Digital Age". 
The objective of this course from what his school said is to help the CS students release the stress by doing something new other from coding/programming. The problem is Ron really love coding and he doesn't care about other stuff. This course even gives him 
more stress. However, like it or not Ron still need to try his best not to let this course ruins his great GPA. 
Can you help him with his first assignment which is described below.


In this assignment, Ron is given an N×N pixels image called sample image. Ron is required to create a copy of the 
sample image using an simple graphic painting program called SMPaint. Only two types of operation can be used in SMPaint:

Init: Make the new image with the specific size, all the pixels of the new image are white.
Paint: User gives 5 integers C, U, D, L, R and SMPaint will change colour to C at all the pixels (x, y) such that (U ≤ x ≤ D and L ≤ y ≤ R).
The pixel (x, y) is the pixel at the xth row (from the top, 1-indexed) and the yth column (from the left side, 1-indexed).




We can see that the Paint operation actually is painting a specific rectangle in the image by one specific colour.
The image in the figure 1 can be drawn using 3 calls of the second function if we paint the red rectangle first and then paint two 
green rectangles. Notice that if a pixel is changed colour several time, it final colour is corresponding to the last time it is painted. 
This help us save some calls of the second function. For the image in figure 1 we can paint a large green rectangle first and then paint the red rectangle.
Your mission is help Ron finish the assignment with using as least as possible number of calls of the second function.

 
Input
The first line of the input contains integer N. Each of the next N lines contains N integers. The yth number in the xth line 
represent the colour of the pixel (x, y) in the sample image.

Output
The first line of the output must contain integer M that is the number of calls of the second function you need. 
The next M lines represent the calls to the second function in chronological order. 
Each line must contain 5 integers which are the values (they must be in this order) C, U, D, L, R for the corresponding call. The following conditions must be held: 
0 ≤ C ≤ 100
1 ≤ U ≤ D ≤ N
1 ≤ L ≤ R ≤ N

