Problem
The Head Chef has opened N new restaurants across the city. But he is exhausted since he has to travel so much when he has to go from one restaurant to another. Further, the city traffic is driving him crazy. So he wishes to construct fly-overs between restaurants. A fly-over is a road at a raised height between any two restaurants. If two restaurants are connected by a fly-over, it takes only 1 second for the Chef to move from one restaurant to the other. When commuting between restaurants, our Head Chef wishes to use one or more fly-overs. He doesn't want to travel by the regular roads at all.
Unfortunately, construction of fly-overs costs money. A construction company has agreed to build 1 fly-over for a payment of C rupees. It is up to the Chef to decide which restaurants he wants to connect using fly-overs. He asks his assistant chefs to give him suggestions. Each assistant chef proposes his own model. The Chef is now confused, he has no way of comparing models. Some models have too many fly-overs, while other models have too few.
The Sous Chef came up with a formula to estimate the Cost of a model. Suppose the model has F fly-overs. Let's label restaurants by numbers 1, 2, ..., N. Let T(U, V) represents the time taken to go from the restaurant U to the restaurant V via fly-overs of the current model. Compute T(X, Y) for every ordered pair of distinct restaurants (X, Y) (N ∙ (N – 1)  pairs in total) and then add them up. Denote obtained sum as P and called it the time penalty of the model. Note that the constructing of F fly-overs will cost C ∙ F rupees. The Sous Chef strongly believes that saving time is equivalent to saving money, so the total cost of the model is simply P + C ∙ F.
The Head Chef is somewhat satisfied. As a specialist in math and graph theory he immediately found a formula for the cost of the optimal model for a given C. But the construction company has a special offer now. It can construct fly-overs between M special pairs of restaurants for free. Now the problem of finding the optimal model becomes non-trivial for The Chef and he turns to you for help.
Input
The first line of the input file contains an integer T, the number of test cases. T test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains an integer N, a real C and an integer M. Here N is the number of restaurants, C is the cost of the constructing of one fly-over, and M is the number of special pairs of restaurants. Each of the next M lines contains two integers U and V, the indexes of the restaurants that can be connected by the fly-over for free. Each pair of consecutive numbers in every line is separated by exactly one space.
Output
For each test case output a single value, the minimum possible cost of a model. Output this value with exactly 9 digits after the decimal point. Your answer will be considered as correct if it has an absolute error less than 10-12.
