Problem
 The country of BitLand is divided into N districts, and these districts are arranged in a circle: 1, 2, 3, ..., N, where i and i+1 are adjacent for all 1 ≤ i ≤ N-1, and also 1 and N are adjacent. It is given that N = o1 * o2, where o1 and o2 are odd integers.


There are only 2 political parties in BitLand: the Zeros and the Ones. There was an election, in which each district chose it's representative who is either a Zero or a One. We know this data. i.e. for each of the N districts, we know whether their representative is a Zero or a One.


The N districts should be partitioned into o1 states, where each state consists of o2 consecutive districts.

For example, if o1 = 5 and o2=3, then N=15, and {1,2,3} would be a valid state. {2,3,4}, {13,14,15}, {14,15,1}, {15,1,2} are other examples of valid states. But {3,5,6} is not a valid state, because the districts are not consecutive.


A state gets a One Governor if, among all the o2 district representatives belonging to it, there are more One district representatives than Zero representatives. And it gets a Governor who is from the Zero party, if the majority of its district representatives are from the Zero party. And because o2 is odd, there will be no ties.


The President of BitLand will be a One if the majority of the o1 state Governors are Ones. Otherwise, the President will be from the Zero party.


But the state boundaries have not been fixed yet. Given just the district-wise data (i.e. whether each district's representative is a Zero or a One), you need to find if there is a way to partition them into states such that the President is a One.

Input

The first line contains one integer, T, which is the number of testcases.
The first line of each testcase contains two space separated integers, o1 and o2, which are the number of states, and number of districts in each state, respectively.

The next line of each testcase contains N = o1 * o2 space separated integers: d1, d2, .., dN. If di is 1, then it signifies that District i has chosen a One representative. If di is 0, then they have a Zero representative.

 
Output

Each testcase should be in a new line, and should contain 1, if the President can be a One, and 0 otherwise.

 
