Problem
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is working on a small project ― he is building a cyberorganism. In his current design, the cyberorganism is an N×N×N cube consisting of N3 cells. Let's denote the cells by (x,y,z), where 1≤x,y,z≤N.
Chef is currently working on the cyberorganism's self-defense mechanism against viruses. So far, he has figured out that viruses behave in the following way:

When the cyberorganism is infected by a virus, some of its cells immediately become infected, while the remaining ones stay healthy (so far).
Afterwards, the virus spreads itself. Whenever there is an infected cell (x,y,z), the cells (x+1,y,z), (x,y+1,z) and (x,y,z+1) become infected as well (if they exist, i.e. the infection does not propagate outside the cyberorganism).
The virus continues spreading itself until there are no more cells that can be infected this way.

Chef noticed that it is possible for the cyberorganism to reorganise itself right after the initial infection (before the virus starts spreading). The cyberorganism can use this opportunity to make itself less vulnerable to the virus (i.e. minimise the number of infected cells after the virus finishes spreading).
The cyberorganism can reorganise itself by changing the order of the rows, columns and layers of its cells. In other words, it can choose three permutations P,Q,R of the integers 1 through N (each permutation can be chosen independently from the other two) and reorganise itself in such a way that for each valid x,y,z, the cell (Px​,Qy​,Rz​) before the reorganisation becomes the cell (x,y,z) afterwards. If this cell was infected before the reorganisation, then it remains infected afterwards, and if it was healthy, it remains healthy afterwards ― only the coordinates of the infected and healthy cells change.
Chef has struggled for some time with an efficient self-defense mechanism and now, he has decided to ask for your help. You are given the coordinates of the cells that are infected initially. Determine how to reorganise the cyberorganism in order to minimise the number of cells that are infected after the virus finishes spreading.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer N.
N2 lines follow, where each block of N lines describes a layer of the cube. Each of these lines contains a string with length N. For each valid x,y,z, the x-th character on the (z−1)N+y-th line is '1' if the cell (x,y,z) is initially infected or '0' if this cell is initially healthy.

Output
Print three lines.

The first line should contain N space-separated integers P1​,P2​,…,PN​.
The second line should contain N space-separated integers Q1​,Q2​,…,QN​.
Finally, the third line should contain N space-separated integers R1​,R2​,…,RN​.

