Problem
The fight between Sardar Khan and Sultan to control Wasseypur is getting very intensifying. Sultan has asked Ramadhir to supply him with automatic guns in an attempt to dominate the battlefield. The Sardar family must also buy automatic guns or risk annihilation.
The gun merchant Sardar is buying guns from has N guns in stock, the i-th of which has type Ai​. He sells these guns according to the following peculiar rules:

Only one person can buy guns at a time.
For all 1<i≤N, he will sell the i-th gun only if the (i−1)-th gun has already been sold to somebody. The first gun can be sold directly with no restriction.
Once some guns are sold to a person and they leave, they will not be allowed to come back in later and purchase any more guns.

As a result, any buyer can only own a consecutive set of guns - if the first unsold gun when they enter has index L, they can only buy guns L,L+1,L+2,…,R where L≤R≤N, and the choice of R is left to them.
Sardar Khan wants his lackeys to visit the gun merchant and buy all the guns. The intimidation power of a lackey is the number of distinct types of guns in his possession. The total intimidation power Sardar Khan gets from his lackeys is the product of all of their individual intimidation powers (to ensure this value is non-zero, only consider the product over all lackeys who purchase at least one weapon from this merchant).
Sardar can send as few or as many lackeys to the merchant as he likes, as long as every weapon is purchased by at least one of them.
Sardar obviously would like to maximize his intimidation power. Find out what this maximum value is, given that his lackeys buy guns optimally. The answer can be large, so print it modulo 109+7.
Input Format

The first line of input contains a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases. The description of T lines follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N, the number of guns the merchant has for sale.
The second line of each test case contains N space-separated integers, A1​,A2​,…,AN​; where Ai​ is the type of the i-th gun.

Output Format
For each test case, output a single line containing one integer - the maximum intimidation power Sardhar can achieve, modulo 109+7.
