Problem
I hope all of you remember that Chef built a Hotel Balifornia in Byteland and some complicated scheme for allocating guests, invented by lift boy, was used. But after realizing all badness of this scheme Chef fired lift boy and simplifies the process of allocating guests drastically. Now at the time of check-in each guest only provides the preferable room for him and the number of minutes he will stay in the hotel. After that the hotel manager finds the first available room starting from the provided one assuming that rooms in the hotel are arranged in cyclic manner.
Namely, let there be R rooms in the hotel and they are numbered by numbers from 0 to R − 1, inclusive. Suppose guest chooses the room K. Then the hotel manager checks rooms in orderK, K + 1, K + 2, ..., R − 2, R − 1, 0, 1, 2, ..., K − 2, K − 1 and allocates the guest in the first free room in this list or report the guest that all rooms are occupied if this is the case.
Chef has a logbook where hotel manager writes down information about each guest. Namely, he records the visit time, the preferable room for the guest (NOT the actual room where guest will live), the staying time and the inconvenience caused to the guest, which equals to the number of occupied rooms that hotel manager checks in the list above before allocating the guest (or R if all rooms are occupied). The visit time is provided in minutes after the moment when hotel was opened for visits. Before the first visit all rooms in the hotel were free. When guest leaves the room it could be occupied at the same moment of time by another guest if exactly at this moment the visit occurs.
But lift boy prepared the revenge to the Chef. Just before the inspection of the hotel he has erased the second and the third entry of each visit in the logbook (that is, the preferable room and staying time for each guest). Chef needs to recover the damage quickly since only a few hours left before inspector visit. He knows about your advanced skills in programming and asks you for help. He will be satisfied by any consistent recover of the data. That is, if inspector will reproduce the process of allocating guests using the visit time, the preferable room and the staying time for each guest, he will obtain the correct value of the inconvenience caused to each guest.
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T, denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers R and N, denoting the number of rooms and the number of visits respectively. The description of N damaged records in logbook follows. Namely, each of the following N lines contains 2 space separated integers time and inconv, denoting the time of the visit and inconvenience caused to the guest.
Output
For each test case output N lines. The i-th line among them should contain two space separated integers room and stay_time, the room chosen by the i-th guest and the time he will stay in the hotel, room should be from 0 to R − 1 inclusive and stay_time should be from 1 to 31415926, inclusive. If there are several possible answers you can output any of them. But your output should be consistent as stated above. Existence of such answer is always guaranteed for our test data (see 