Problem
Abhishek is working in one of the best telecommunication companies of the world. He joined this company recently. To test his skills, his boss assigned him to help two of their customers: Aryan and Ali.
Initially both of their phone numbers are empty (fantasy world you see). During each day , one of the following things can take place:

Last digit of numbers of either Aryan or Ali can be erased.
A new digit can be appended at the end of the numbers of either Aryan or Ali.

The company also has a magical number M of length N, where each digit is between 0 and 9 (both inclusive). The positions of digits are numbered from 1 to N, from left to right. Aryan and Ali will be happy if both of their numbers appear as non-overlapping subsequences of M.
More formally, suppose that Aryan chooses some positions from M such that the digits at those positions form his current number (in the same order).Let the positions be a1​,a2​,a3​,...,ap​ . Now , Ali chooses some positions, not already chosen by Aryan such that the digits at those positions form his current number (in the same order).Let the positions be b1​,b2​,b3​,...,bq​. Then the following conditions should hold true :

ai​ as well as bi​ are strictly increasing sequences.
For all pairs (ai​,bj​) 1≤i≤p, 1≤j≤q, ai​=bj​.
Values of ai​  are pairwise distinct. 1≤i≤p.
Values of bi​  are pairwise distinct. 1≤i≤q.
Ma1​​Ma2​​Ma3​​....Map​​ forms Aryan's number.
Mb1​​Mb2​​Mb3​​....Mbq​​ forms Ali's number.

Over a period of D days, Abhishek has to follow one of the following instructions each day:

append x y : You have to append digit y to the end of x's number.
erase x : Erase the last digit from x's number.

Abhishek has to help these customers over a period of D days. As he is a new employee, he asks for your help.
For each of the D days, you have to tell whether the phone numbers of Aryan and Ali appear as non-overlapping subsequences of M.
NOTE : Prefer using fast I/O methods, as the input is large.
Input Format

First line will contain two spaced integers N , D
The next line will contain the magical number M of length N
D lines follow. Each of these lines will contain either of the following:

append x y : You have to append digit y to the end of x's number.
erase x : Erase the last digit from x's number.



Output Format

Print D lines. On the ith line, print "YES" (without quotes) if both Aryan and Ali will be happy after the ith day otherwise print "NO" (without quotes). You can print any character of the answer in any case, ie "yes", "YeS", "nO","No" etc will be considered valid response.

