Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
You have N points, numbered from 1 to N. You have to position these N points on the Cartesian plane.
You have to decide the coordinates of the points. But there are some restrictions. Firstly, the coordinates should be integers, at least 1 and at most 4000, thus you can put a point only on a lattice point. Secondly, every point must have distinct coordinates.
After the points are positioned on the Cartesian plane, they need to be connected through line segments. The length of a line segment connecting two points is of course the euclidean distance between the points. There will be N − 1 line segments in total. The structure of points and line segments will be the same as tree in graph theory. Every pair of points will be connected directly or indirectly by the segments.
There is one more restriction corresponding to the length of each line segment. Let the ith segment connect points Pi and Qi. You are given the minimum length Ki and the maximum length Li of the ith segment, receptively , the length between points Pi and Qi must be at least Ki and at most Li.
What needs to be optimized ?Here we explain what needs to be optimized. Two points are considered to be adjacent if they are connected through a line segment. You want to minimize the ratio between the maximum distance between any two adjacent points and the minimum distance between any two non-adjacent points over all the points on the Cartesian plane. Also there are some evil coordinates on the Cartesian plane. You will be given three integers A, B and S. Then, the coordinates (x, y) are evil coordinates if and only if (Ax mod 10007) + (By mod 10007) ≤ S. Assignment of evil coordinates to any point shall be avoided so far as possible. In addition, it is better that each segment does not intersect with other segments (please see Scoring section for definition of "intersect").
Your task is to find valid and better integer coordinates for each point on the Cartesian plane. Of course, it is too hard to find the optimal solution. Thus your final aim is to maximize your total score described in the below Scoring section.
Input
The first line of input contains an integer T, denoting the number of test cases. Then T test case follow.
The first line of each test case contains an integer N, denoting the number of the points. The second line contains three integers A, B and S, denoting the information about evil cells. Then N − 1 lines follow. The ith of such lines contains four space-separated integers Pi, Qi, Ki and Li, denoting the information about the ith segment.
Output
For each test case, print N lines, where the ith line should have two space-separated integers xi and yi, denoting the coordinates of point i.
