Problem
You are given a tree with N nodes, numbered from 1 to N. It is  rooted at node 1.
We call the simple path between node A and node B to be vertical if node A lies on the path from the root to B or node B lies on the path from the root to A. In other words, LCA (A,B) must be A or B.  And in such cases, we define a node A to lie above node B in the tree if distance to A from the root is less than the distance from the root to B. Otherwise we define it to lie below B.
You also have with you 1 Proton and E Electrons (together called as particles) .  And you need to place these in some nodes of the tree.
Suppose we fix the proton to be at some node A. We then call a placement of electrons valid if the following conditions are met  :-

Each node can have at most one particle in it. Also, every particle should be placed in some node.
Electrons can only be placed in nodes from which the simple path to A is vertical (that is, they should either be above A, or below A).
At least XA​ nodes above A should contain an electron and at least YA​ nodes below A should contain an electron.

The Dipole moment for a valid placement of electrons is calculated as follows :-

Consider the sum of distances from A to nodes which contain an electron and lie above A. Let this sum be S1​.
Similarly, consider the sum of distances from A to nodes which contain an electron and lie below A. Let this sum be S2​.
The Dipole Moment is then defined as |S1​−S2​+ZA​|, here ZA​ is the positive charge if the proton is placed at A. Here, |X| refers to the absolute value of X.

For every A (1≤A≤N) print the minimum dipole moment you can achieve among all valid placement in which the node A contains the proton.
In case there is no valid placement for a particular node A, print −1 for that.
Note that the distance between two nodes is the number of edges in the simple path between them.
Input:

The first line contains a single integer, T, which denotes the number of testcases.
The first line of each testcase will contain two integers, N and E, which denote the number of nodes and number of electrons respectively.
The next N−1 lines contain two integers u and v denoting that there’s an edge between u and v in the tree.
The i-th of the next N lines contain 3 space separated integers ,  Xi​,Yi​,Zi​

Output:

Output T lines, where each line should be containing N space-separated integers, the Ath integer should be the minimum dipole moment if the proton is placed at node A , or -1 if there is no valid placement.
