Problem
Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
N contestants are participating in a competitive programming contest. Each participant has a unique id between 1 and N (both inclusive). There are M problems in the contest.
The organizing committee didn't announce the maximum number of points for each problem; we only know that after the contest, the ratio of the number of points gained by the participant with id i on problem j to the maximum number of points for problem j is equal to Aij/1000000, for each valid pair i, j. The total score for each participant is the sum of points gained on all problems.
After the contest, participants are ranked according to the total score; in case of a tie, the participant with the highest id has the best (lowest) rank.
For each valid i, let's denote the rank of the participant with id i by Ri. An inversion in the standings is a pair i, j such that i < j and Ri > Rj.
The committee now wants to assign maximum scores to problems. However, they can't assign the scores arbitrarily. For each problem, you are given two numbers L and U denoting the lower and upper bound for the maximum score — the maximum score for this problem has to be an integer between L and U (both inclusive).
The committee wants to assign the maximum scores in such a way that the number of inversions in the final standings is minimized. (That is, the best situation is when the participant with id 1 is ranked first, participant 2 is ranked second and so on.)
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and M.
M lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers Li and Ui denoting the lower and upper bounds to the i-th problem.
N more lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains M space-separated integers Ai1, Ai2, ..., AiM.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing M space-separated integers denoting the maximum scores for the problems.
