Problem
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Nikitas does not want to study for his exams, so he decided to become a disruptor and get a part-time job as a tax collector in Airland. Airland consists of N houses (numbered 1 through N) and M one-way supply pathways that connect them. Each house has a budget; let's denote the budget of house i by Bi​ (in coins). The neighbourhood of a house is the set of houses which both can supply this house and can be supplied from this house. (directly or indirectly, including itself)
Nikitas can choose to start his tax-collecting journey at any house. Then, he can move along supply pathways to visit more houses and collect taxes on the way. For each valid i, when Nikitas visits house i for the first time (including the house where he starts the journey), but hasn't visited any house in the neighbourhood of house i before, then he must choose a positive integer c and announce to each house in this neighbourhood that it should pay c coins in taxes.
Whenever a house with a budget b is asked to pay c coins, two things can happen. If c≤b, this house pays the tax. If c>b, this house cannot afford to pay the tax, so it does not pay anything. Note that no house may be asked to pay taxes twice.
When the houses that can afford to pay the announced tax pay it, Nikitas can continue his journey in the same way until he cannot collect any more money. He has to be careful, though ― at the end, if there are more than K houses that were asked to pay their tax, but did not pay because they could not afford it, the captain of Airland will take his katana and capture Nikitas, so he will end his tax-collecting journey without earning any money. Otherwise, Nikitas earns all the money he collected.
Nikitas wants to maximise the amount of money he will make. Luckily, you know all the information about the supply pathways in Airland, so you offer to help Nikitas calculate the maximum amount of money he can make without getting captured. Since this number may be large, compute it modulo 1000000021 (109+21).
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains three space-separated integers N, M and K.
The second line contains N space-separated integers B1​,B2​,…,BN​.
M lines follow. Each of these lines contains two space-separated integers u and v denoting the starting and ending house of a supply pathway.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the maximum amount of money Nikitas can make without being captured, modulo 1000000021 (109+21).
