Problem
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is playing a game called "Snake and Apple Tree". This game is played on a grid with N rows (numbered 1 through N) and M columns (numbered 1 through M). Some cells of this grid are blocked. Initially, there are also S snakes present in S non-blocked cells. The snakes do not grow, so each snake always takes up exactly one cell.
The game starts at second 0 and will run for T seconds. At the end of each second, each snake may (independently from the other snakes) move to an edge-adjacent non-blocked cell or stay in its current cell. During each second, there may be at most one snake in each cell, but when a snake is moving out of a cell, another snake is allowed to move into that cell at the same time.
During these T seconds, Z apple trees (numbered 1 through Z) will grow in some cells, bear fruit and wither. For each valid i, the i-th tree will grow in the cell in row Xi​ and column Yi​ and start bearing fruit at a time Pi​. At a later time Qi​, the tree will wither and bear no fruit. At each second between the Pi​-th and Qi​-th second (including Pi​, but not including Qi​), if there is a snake in the same cell as this tree and it does not move to another cell at the end of this second, it may eat an apple from this tree. Eating one apple from the tree increases the total happiness of the snakes by Hi​; if a snake eats multiple apples from this tree, the happiness increases by Hi​ multiple times.
Each snake takes 1 second to eat an apple. It cannot do anything else while eating and if there are multiple trees bearing fruit in the same cell, a snake in that cell may only eat an apple from one tree during each second (possibly from different trees during different seconds).
Initially, the total happiness of the snakes is 0. Help Chef maximise their happiness after T seconds.
Input

The first line of the input contains four space-separated integers N, M, Z and T.
N lines follow. For each i (1≤i≤N), the i-th of these lines contains a single string with length M describing the i-th row of the grid: for each valid j, the j-th character of this string is '#' if the cell in the j-th column of this row is blocked, '.' if it is empty or 'S' if it contains a snake.
Z lines follow. For each i (1≤i≤Z), the i-th of these lines contains five space-separated integers Xi​, Yi​, Pi​, Qi​ and Hi​.

Output
Print a single line containing one integer — the maximum total happiness of the snakes.
