Problem
Chef has decided to start a new software company, the company's building has N offices numbered from 0 to N-1 and there's a computer in each office.


All offices' computers should be connected within a single network, so it's required to buy some ethernet cables and hubs. a cable connecting i-th office with j-th office has cost Ci,j also if the i-th office is connected with j other offices then it's required to buy a hub with capacity j and this will cost Hi,j, note that even if the hub with higher capacity is cheaper than the hub with capacity j the company will still buy the hub with capacity j. Each office should have exactly one hub.


Find a way for building the network so that all offices are connected to each other directly or indirectly while minimizing the total cost, it's not allowed to connect same pair of offices with more than one cable and it's not allowed to connect an office with itself.

Your solution is not required to find the most optimal solution. However, the less cost your solution will provide the more points you will get.

Input
Since the input is large you will not be given it directly. Instead, you will be given some parameters and the generator used to generate the input.

The first line contains a single integer T denoting the number of test-cases

The first line of each test-case contains the integers N, Cmax, Hmax

The following 2*N lines, each contain two integers Seedi,1, Seedi,2 the seeds required for generating the input.
Using one of the generators, C++ generator, java generator, python 2 generator you will get C and H arrays.
Output
For each test-case output N lines, each line contains a string of N characters. if you want to connect i-th office and j-th office with a cable then i-th character of j-th line and  j-th character of i-th line both should be '1' otherwise they should be '0'. Note that i-th character of i-th line should always be '0' because you can't connect an office with itself.

Note that cables information is enough to uniquely determine what hub should be bought for each office.
