Problem

Chef likes to travel very much. He plans some travel routes and wants to know their lengths. He hired you to make these calculations. But be careful, some of the routes are incorrect. There may be some misspelling in city names or there will be no road between some two consecutive cities in the route. Also note that Chef hates to visit the same city twice during his travel. Even the last city should differ from the first. Two consecutive cities in the route should also be different. So you need to check these conditions for the given routes too.

You will be given the list of all cities and all roads between them with their lengths. All roads are one-way. Also you will be given the list of all travel routes that Chef plans. For each route you should check whether it is correct and find its length in this case.

Input

The first line contains positive integer N, the number of cities. The second line contains space separated list of N strings, city names. All city names are distinct.

The third line contains non-negative integer M, the number of available roads. Each of the next M lines describes one road and contains names C1 and C2 of two cities followed by the positive integer D, the length of the one-way road that connects C1 with C2. It is guaranteed that C1 and C2 will be correct names of two different cities from the list of N cities given in the second line of the input file. For each pair of different cities there is at most one road in each direction and each road will be described exactly once in the input file.

Next line contains positive integer T, the number of travel routes planned by the Chef. Each of the next T lines contains positive integer K followed by K strings, names of cities of the current route. Cities are given in order in which Chef will visit them during his travel.

All strings in the input file composed only of lowercase, uppercase letters of the English alphabet and hyphens. Each string is non-empty and has length at most 20. If some line of the input file contains more then one element than consecutive elements of this line are separated by exactly one space. Each line of the input file has no leading or trailing spaces.

Output
 For each travel route from the input file output a single line containing word ERROR if the route is incorrect and its length otherwise.
