Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
Chef loves to prepare delicious dishes. He has prepared N dishes numbered from 1 to N for this year's MasterChef contest. He has presented all the N dishes to a panel of judges. Judging panel consists of M judges numbered from 1 to M. Rating for each dish was decided by voting from all the judges. Rating for the dishes has been given by a 1-indexed array A where Ai denotes rating of the ith dish.
Some dishes prepared by chef are extraordinary delicious, but unfortunately, some are not. Chef has been given a chance to improve the total rating of his dishes. By total rating of dishes, we mean the sum of the ratings of his dishes. Each of the M judges has administrative power to remove some (zero or more) dishes from a specified range. The ith judge takes Ci rupees for removing each dish of Chef's choice from the dishes numbered from Li to Ri (both inclusive). Once a dish is removed by any of the M judges it will not be considered for calculating total rating of the dishes. Chef has spent a large portion of his money preparing mouth watering dishes and has only K rupees left for now. Now chef is worried about maximizing total rating of his dishes by dropping some of the N dishes.
Please Help chef by finding the maximum total rating he can achieve such that the total expenditure does not exceed his budget of K rupees.
 Input 

First line of input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases.
First line of each test case contains three space separated integers N, K and M denoting the number of dishes prepared by chef, chef's budget, and number of judges in judging panel respectively.
Next line of each test case contains N space separated integers where ith integer denotes the rating received by the ith dish.
Next M lines of each test case contain three space separated integers each: L, R and C, where the integers in the ith line denotes the value of Li, Ri and Ci respectively.

Output 
For each test case, print a single integer in a line corresponding to the answer.
 