Problem
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is preparing tests for the problem "Move the Coins"!
He needs to create a tree G with N nodes (numbered 1 through N), which is rooted at node 1, and a list of Q distinct reparentings. A reparenting is a pair of nodes (u,v) (u=1) of G and the result of applying it to G is another graph, formed as follows:

Take a copy of the original tree G.
In this copy, remove the edge connecting the vertex u to its parent.
Then, add a new edge between the nodes u and v.

As an example, consider the following tree G:

We wish to apply the reparenting r=(6,3) to it. The resulting graph would be

A reparenting r is valid if the resulting graph is still a tree (that is, a connected graph without cycles). For the time being, Chef wants to generate only valid reparentings.
Chef has already decided on the tree G and now he just needs to pick Q valid reparentings. He makes an initial list L of all valid reparentings for this tree and sorts them in a special order.
Let r=(u,v) and r′=(u′,v′) be valid reparentings. Their order is decided as follows:

if u<u′, then r<r′
if u>u′, then r>r′
if u=u′, find the distances of nodes v and v′ from the root and denote them by h and h′ respectively
if u=u′ and h<h′, then r<r′
if u=u′ and h>h′, then r>r′
if u=u′, h=h′ and v<v′, then r<r′
if u=u′, h=h′ and v>v′, then r>r′

Chef chooses Q integers c1​,c2​,…,cQ​, removes the c1​-th element of L, then removes the c2​-th element of the resulting (smaller) list L, and so on, until he removes the cQ​-th element. The sequence c1​,c2​,…,cQ​ is chosen in such a way that during this process, each of them is a valid index of an element in the current list L. This way, he removes Q distinct valid reparentings and uses them in one test.
Because Chef does not believe in making life easy for himself, the sequence c1​,c2​,…,cQ​ is encrypted and each of its elements cannot be decrypted until all previous reparentings are found. More formally, consider a decryption key d; initially, d=0. You are given an encrypted sequence e1​,e2​,…,eQ​. For each integer i from 1 to Q, Chef decrypts ci​=ei​⊕d (⊕ denotes the bitwise XOR operator), finds the ci​-th reparenting in the current list L, denoted by (ui​,vi​), removes it from L and updates the decryption key d to (d+2i⋅ui​+3i⋅vi​)%(109+7).
Can you help Chef find the Q valid reparentings corresponding to his encrypted choices? Calculating the final value of d will suffice to show that you can do it!
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
Each of the next N−1 lines contains two space-separated integers a and b denoting that nodes a and b are connected by an edge.
The next line contains a single integer Q.
Q lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains a single integer ei​.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the final value of d after processing all Q reparentings.
