Problem
Read problems statements Hindi ,Bengali , Mandarin chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.
You are given a tree with N nodes numbered 1 through N, rooted at node 1. There are many really good ingredients on this tree, so M chefs Selinas are going to pick them all up. For each i (1≤i≤M), the i-th Selina will start falling from the root in the ti​-th second.
Obviously, Selinas can only move in two directions — from each node, a Selina can fall to one of its children or bounce to its parent. When bouncing, there is only one path to take, but when falling, the Selina will choose the node to fall down to uniformly randomly among all children of the current node. One move in either direction takes one second.
Each Selina only changes her direction (from bouncing to falling or vice versa) when she cannot keep moving in the current direction without leaving the tree or hitting another Selina, that is, when one of the following happens:

reaching a leaf when falling
reaching the root when bouncing
meeting another Selina that's moving in the opposite direction

At the Q-th second, we would like to know the expected number of Selinas that have passed through each node so far. Formally, let's denote the expected number of Selinas in node i at the j-th second by Ei,j​; for each node i, you should find the sum of Ei,j​ over all seconds j between 1 and Q (inclusive). Compute these numbers modulo 998244353.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer N.
Each of the following N−1 lines contains two space-separated integers u and v denoting an edge between nodes u and v.
The next line contains a single integer M.
The next line contains M space-separated integers t1​,t2​,…,tM​ denoting the times when the Selinas start to fall from the root.
The last line contains a single integer Q.

Output
Print a single line containing N space-separated integers. For each valid i, the i-th of these integers should denote the sum of expected numbers of Selinas that have been in the i-th node in seconds 1 through Q (modulo 998244353).
